What Is Machine Learning?
Machine learning is the practice of using algorithms to parse data, learn from it, and then make a prediction. The machine is trained using large amounts of data and algorithms that give it the ability to learn how to perform the task. Most algorithms with machine learning are task specific.

What Is Amazon SageMaker
Amazon SageMaker is a fully managed machine learning service. With Amazon SageMaker, data scientists and developers can quickly and easily build and train machine learning models, and then directly deploy them into a production-ready hosted environment. It provides an integrated Jupyter authoring notebook instance for easy access to your data sources for exploration and analysis, so you don't have to manage servers. It also provides common machine learning algorithms optimized to run efficiently against extremely large data in a distributed environment, with native support for bring-your-own algorithms and frameworks.

The Amazon SageMaker product page provides current details and links.

Linear Learner Algorithms
Linear models are supervised learning algorithms used for solving either classification or regression problems. As input, the model is given labeled examples (x, y). x is a high dimensional vector, and y is a numeric label. For binary classification problems, the algorithm expects the label to be either 0 or 1. For multiclass classification problems, the algorithm expects the labels to be from 0 to numclasses – 1. For regression problems, _y is a real number. The algorithm learns a linear function or linear threshold function for classification, mapping a vector x to an approximation of the label y.

This week, we use a Linear Learner algorithm to teach a simulated car to stay on a simulated road. This is an example of supervised learning. The data created by the application and exported as a csv file is labeled, and we use multiclass classification.

Additional Services/Concepts
Developing in the Cloud with AWS Cloud9
AWS Cloud9 is a cloud-based integrated development environment (IDE) that lets you write, run, and debug your code with just a browser. It includes a code editor, debugger, and terminal. You can run this development environment on a managed Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance that automatically sleeps when you are not using it.

Follow the exercise directions carefully when setting up your AWS Cloud9 instance.

What You Accomplished This Week
You created your AWS Cloud9 instance.
You learned about Linear Learner models.
You created a machine learning model to control a simulated car on a track.
